what's up guys welcome back to my road
to glory episode 9 and we begin it by
purchasing another center back because I
was is injured gambar meanie it is so
now that we've completed the purchase we
purchased someone else because our
Giovinco is injured so let's see alright
so now this is our final team and we
head straight into a game we are gonna
face someone that is you know code
Salford United Austin 91 mufc and guess
what his team is like every other team
that I have seen an ultimate team and
all out brazilian team but he does have
a polite as a left winger and Ronaldo's
Bravo and right back so anyway we begin
the match quickly running down the wing
and he just turns with a little tap in
right there ordinary go nothing to be
really you know excited about just one
of mclees normal goes and does a nice
little celebration right there so
believe it or not the match ends one-nil
to salvation dies all that was only one
game I know you guys are used to 5 mil 6
kneel and stuff like that from my series
Bobby and then get down to that right
now so the next guy with plane is DJ ord
reuse software that and his team name is
black bird so let's see what mr. black
bird has for us today holy shit this is
one of the most difficult teams i've
ever played against look at his team
Aguero he has Nasri while the team
speaks for itself so anyway beginner
like passionate person mary has the
positive macaroni macaroni pansy anza
Pazienza worth that disgusting rocket
look at that whoa pansy ends are one of
my favorite CDMS i just put he he was
like eight hundred coins or something i
think i purchased some food so anyway he
does this little disgusting
too wet ego was where you go and he has
AG rare oh I couldn't do anything about
that and guess how the second goal is
just guess another suity goal a novel
with Aguero again so now I am it's close
to 1 and he comes back in post Aguero
and Aguero pauses it behind my keeper
look at that what piss take what up his
take dice 31 to him and I ain't taking
shit so mcLeese running down and a nice
curve right there mikkeli trying to be
trying to piss the guy off with his
celebration you know trying to piss him
off for now the score is free to soumik
macaroni move across and kosu together
we just bought has a nice disgusting
header which is really really good
because now we have we have a school
that's free free but then again
Hernandez Wilfred with a nice little
finesse right there and it's a goal from
Hernandez what's ago and then he uses
Aguero space to pass everyone and he
finesses it past my shitty keeper sergio
kun agüero alright my colleagues used in
his pace and he finishes it past his
keeper he doesn't does he think he's the
only one that could do shit like that no
fucking way mikkeli again pause it to
macaroni macaroni were rocky into the
goal macaroni look at he's doing a
macaroni gesture with his hand look at
that Oh macaroni macaroni yep he's
wiping off the dirt off his shoulder yep
and then maori maori two defenders are
on him but uses beast left foot and it's
in the goal maori now he's doing the
macaronis gesture of his hand oh my god
everyone's the guy must be so pissed
because he was nearly free up and the
score is sick
five to me look at that look at that
what school and he has such a bad team
than me that's what happens when you use
suity goals so next guy we play against
is called good those gold foes now guild
blows FC he has a pretty awesome Serie A
Team look at that my corn tae-woo it has
pretty awesome decent serie a team so we
begin the match with materie the Beast
move ahead or not a good goal but you
know we had to do what was done and then
mikkeli posted my tree my trip back to
Macaulay Macaulay finesses it past the
keeper nice very nice goals and this guy
has a much better defense the school
finishes at to know guys and that is
team salvation just ruining every single
player we are playing against and I
think the record is now around yep 22
and only two losses what an awesome team
and Nikoli's injured which is very bad
one of our main team players hope you
guys enjoyed this episode let me know in
the comment section below what you would
like me to do next and I really hope you
have a very nice day